Authenticator-related updates (#620)
usnistgov/FIPS201: _FIPS201/system.md

[^DPC]: The cardholder may authenticate with the PIV Card or a derived PIV credential.

The relying subsystem depends on authorization mechanisms that define the privileges (authorizations)
possessed by entities requesting to access a particular logical or physical resource. Examples of this include

> an Access Control List (ACL) associated with a file on a computer system and a secure E-PACS controlled portal within a facility.

Author: ```suggestion
an Access Control List (ACL) associated with a file on a computer system and a secure E-PACS control panel within a facility.
```

[^DPC]: The cardholder may authenticate with the PIV Card or a derived PIV credential.

The relying subsystem depends on authorization mechanisms that define the privileges (authorizations)

> possessed by entities requesting to access a particular logical or physical resource. Examples of this include

Reviewer: SP 800-116 uses term "control panel" maybe stick with that term instead of control portal?
